# Team GeoJAM
## Team Member Bios
**Junior Thiensirisak:** I am currently a student at BCIT for the Advanced Diploma program  and graduated with a BSc in Earth and Environmental Sciences from McMaster University in 2022. My background is mainly geology and business related however during my undergraduate studies, I stumbled upon GIS and decided that this was something I see myself doing as a career due to its diverse applications. Concurrently with my studies at BCIT, I'm working at a real estate company assisting with map creation and basic retail analysis. In my free time, I enjoy travelling to new places and playing video games with my friends.

**Anthony Wong:** I graduated from the University of British Columbia in 2020 with a BA in Geography (Environment and Sustainability) and a minor in Economics. After graduation, I decided to pursue a career in GIS which led to me being currently enrolled in the BCIT Advanced Diploma Program in GIS. During my time in this program, I hope to develop technical skills required toward my interests in utilities, urban planning, and data integration/management. Outside of academics, I enjoy working on automobiles, playing computer games and travelling.

**Michael Wong:** I am currently enrolled in BCIT’s GIS Advanced Diploma Program and graduated with a BSc in environmental science from SFU. I most recently worked in the environmental consulting industry but decided to pivot into GIS as it was something that interested me during my undergrad and I enjoyed making maps and diagrams for environmental reports. As part of BCIT’s program, I am working on a project for a non profit conservation organization that involves conducting analyses on ecological observations located on or near the organizations conservation properties. I hope to continue to use GIS to work on environmentally related projects in the future. My hobbies include playing ice hockey and video games.
